Citibike Topline Findings

1. The use of Citibike continues to rise annually and remains a popular means or transportation and / or exercise

2. Despite the fact that females account for 53% of NY City's population, male use of Citibikes far outweighs female use of Citibikes, by a count of 2.5 - 4 :1 annually.  
	- the annual rate of increase in ridership by females is slightly higher than the rate of males, but the annual increase in acutal 
	  numbers of female riders is less than that of males
	- According to a study by Regions Private Wealth Management, 44% of females say they are solely responsible for household financial decisions, as opposed to 35% of men.  
	  An increase in markting and promotion to females, and female ridership, would benefit the title sponsor of the Citibikes program.  

3. The most popular distance of rides is between 1/2 - 3/4 of a mile.  This suggests a large number of commuters and "convenience trips," (supermarket, convenience store, etc.), 
	since travel needs of shorter distances are often fulfilled by walking.  
	- trips of 2+ miles are the 4th most frequent distance, but occur more frequently than trips of 1 - 1 1/4 miles, 1 1/4 - 1 1/2 miles,
	  1 1/2 - 1 3/4 miles, and 1 3/4 - 2 miles.  
		- This suggests that there is a group of riders that use Citibikes for exercise or touring the city for attractions, sightseeing, etc. 
		It would be interesting for Citi to ask users the purpose of the rides, to help promotions, service, and better support of its users' needs. 
		
4. Ridership by age: The most rides occur among the age group 23-35, followed by people age 36-50.  
	- Since 2018, the largest percentage increase has occurred in those of "school age," ages 16-22, and rides by that age group surpassed the number of rides
	  by senior citizens for the first time in 2019.  
	- This could be an area of extreme growth over the next few years, as this agre represents people who are attending school, working, and have a significant amount of leisure time (ie, most are not raising children, 
	  supporting families, etc.)
	  
5. Most Popular Start Stations
	The most frequently used start station in the 3rd Quarter of 2019 was Pershing Square North with 9,942,641 rides, which is next to Grand Central Station.  This says that it is likely used by many commuters and tourists
	that take the train or bus into NY City, and use Citibikes as a means of getting to their final destination.  Looking at the next 9 most frequently used start stations, 
	they are spread around the city, about one per major neighborhood, which also suggests that although there are many stations, there is one station per neighborhood that is used
	far more frequently than others.
6. Most Popular End Stations 
	The most popular end station in the 3rd Quarter of 2019 was also Pershing Square North, with 9,850,793 end rides.  This is not surprising, as it is reasonable to assume that people who are commuting or starting a riders
	from their house will also need to end it in the same place. 	
